I need to build a liquid simulator.

I have a number of real world objects including:
     Kettles
     Pipes
     Valves (Effectively more complex pipes)
     Pumps
     Water Sources
     Drains

Each of these have some combinations of:
     Volume
     Inputs
     Outputs
     Rates of flow
     Whether or not they can overflow

I need to think in terms of passive and active items:
     - Pumps are active that pull liquid from one side and
       push liquid to the next.
     - Water sources push liquid
     - Drains pull liquid

Simple example:
       A kettle is hooked up to a water source.
       The kettle can hold 10 litres.
       The kettle can overflow.
       The kettle can receive liquid at an infinite rate.
       The kettle can give liquid at an infinite rate.
       The kettle does not push nor pull, it is passive.

Each object has a number of ports
     - A kettle only has one port, but that port has a near infinite rate at which can push/pull
     - A pipe generally has two or three ports, normally rate limited. Except what to do about pressure!?

To simplify things I could stop thinking about flow and instead start with things being manual. I can add in some kind of flow monitoring later.
Then all I need to think about is the paths which liquid can take.
-- The liquid will flow from x to y until you press stop.
-- Assume pumps and pipes have no volume
-- Water only flows from volume to volume (and sources and drains)


Ok, so thinking in terms of paths then.
We have volumes and paths.
By path I mean liquid can flow from point a to point b
Which means for a and b I need a term of what to call them, let's call that a port.
Each volume will have one port, which all valves pipes etc connect to.
Pipes and valves are uni-directional.
Pumps are not.
Some connections are not.
Maybe I need to think in terms of inputs and outputs.
How do I deal with loops?

Ok, seriously, I only care about flow routes between volumes, sources and drains.
And I only care about inputs and outputs.
But some devices have multiple seperate inputs and outputs.

Simple model.
A volume has a single input and a single output.
A pipe has a single input and a single output.
A pump has a single input and a single output.
A valve has multiple inputs and multiple outputs.
  - These are connected correctly internally.

Each input and output might be connected to many valves
Paths between inputs and outputs are handled internally






Oooook.

Every item has ports.
Every item has state.

Each port maintains its own graph of connections.



Find internal paths
Find external paths


I need to find internal routes and external routes.

So, I'm going to start off with component1 and ask how to I get to component2.

So I'll go over component1 and start searching for component2 from each of its ports

so for component1 I loop over the ports and find all the external connections

For each external connection